Add page about scanners for Chainguard Libraries (#2652)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/libraries/scanners.md

---
title: "Vulnerability Scanners and Chainguard Libraries"
linktitle: "Vulnerability Scanner"
description: "Details for using vulnerability scanners with Chainguard Libraries."
type: "article"
date: 2025-10-04T12:00:00+00:00
lastmod: 2025-10-04T12:00:00+00:00
draft: false
tags: ["Chainguard Libraries"]
menu:
  docs:
    parent: "libraries"
weight: 006
toc: true
---

Vulnerability scanners enable organizations and development teams to understand
the potential security risks from libraries used within or application.

> Chainguard Libraries provides a subset of libraries available from public
> repositories and eliminates software supply chain attacks and relevant
> libraries. Libraries are rebuilt from the upstream open source project code
> repository content only. In addition, some library versions are available with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chainguard Libraries provides a trusted source for libraries typically downloaded from public
repositories. Libraries are rebuilt from the upstream open source project code
repository content only, reducing almost all risk for software supply chain attacks. In addition, some library versions are available with
```

Author: I dont think either of the changes are correct.

Reviewer: I think the first sentence reads a bit weird to me, I would recommend not using "eliminates" and not sure what "eliminating relevant libraries" meant

Author: I know what you mean now .. I overlooked some of your changes .. will rejig it all some more

backports of fixes for remediated CVEs to older versions as detailed in [CVE
Remediation](/chainguard/libraries/cve-remediation/).

> Find more details about vulnerability scanning in general and the use of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find more details about vulnerability scanning and the use of
```

Author: Done

---
title: "Vulnerability Scanners and Chainguard Libraries"
linktitle: "Vulnerability Scanners"
description: "Details for using vulnerability scanners with Chainguard Libraries."
type: "article"
date: 2025-10-04T12:00:00+00:00
lastmod: 2025-10-04T12:00:00+00:00
draft: false
tags: ["Chainguard Libraries"]
menu:
  docs:
    parent: "libraries"
weight: 006
toc: true
---

Vulnerability scanners enable your organization and development teams to
understand the potential security risks from libraries used within your
applications.

Chainguard Libraries provides a trusted source for libraries typically
downloaded from public repositories.  Libraries are rebuilt from the upstream
open source project code repository content only. This prevents malware without
published source code and reduces almost all risk for software supply chain

> attacks. In addition, some library versions are available with backports of

Reviewer 2: could we say "package" instead of "library" here? I feel like I'm confusing "libraries" and "Chainguard Libraries" already
